Hmph, this Luo family gift
Of course it's priceless jewelry
Is it or
I'll open it for you.
Stop, this is a congratulatory gift from the Shendu Luo family
How are you a lowly village girl with a gun?
Miss Luo
You should open this gift yourself
Okay, Huo Yixue
I'll show you my supernatural skills now
The strength of home
Wait a minute.
Los cedars
You say
This box contains priceless jewelry
Are you sure? Of course I'm sure
What do you suggest?
Of course. In my opinion.
It's in this box.
It's something worth no more than 20 bucks.
What? Is this guy crazy?
The stick of the Shenduluo family
How is that possible? I have 20 dollars. Oops.
It's nonsense.
No wonder he was kicked out by the Yang family
Yes, yes, yes.
You dare to question the strength of my Divine Capital Luo family
I didn't insult the Luo family
Just say
If the contents of this box do not exceed 20 yuan
What would you do?
Hum a joke
My god is falling
How could it be worth less than 20 yuan?
If it's really less than 20 yuan
I will immediately kneel down and kowtow to you three times
But if it exceeds 20 yuan
Break your legs
Throw it out to feed the dog
Then open it and take a look.
How is that possible?